feat(deps): remove dependency on gen_random_uuid()/pgcrypto (#260)
graphile/worker: README.md

PostgreSQL 10+\* and Node 10+\*.

_Note: `graphile-worker` versions 0.12.2 and earlier installed the `pgcrypto`
extension into the public schema of your database (if it wasn't already

> installed). As of `graphile-worker` version _\<pending\>_ we no longer use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installed). As of `graphile-worker` version 0.13.0 we no longer use
```
